Fixed typos and grammar issues (#160)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/reference/vsphere/vsphere-prereq.md

To run EKS Anywhere, you will need:

* A vSphere 7+ environment running vCenter
* Capacity to deploy 8-10 VMs
* DHCP service running in vSphere environment in the primary VM network for your workload cluster
* One network in vSphere to use for the cluster. This network must have inbound access into vCenter
* An OVA imported into vSphere and converted into template for the workload VMs

> * User credentials to [create VMs, attach networks, etc]({{< relref "user-permissions.md" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* User credentials to [create VMs, attach networks, and so on]({{< relref "user-permissions.md" >}})
```
I've been told that etc should be avoided.
